(film roll rattling)
(soft dramatic music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(soft dramatic music)
- [Rianne] On the first day class.
Professor Rossi walked in and said.
it is completely normal for a man
to come back home from work.
hit the head of his wife
against the kitchen table and kill her.
Remember. we're still the
most dangerous animal.
(soft dramatic music)
(throat clearing)
- Honey. can you please pick
up your brother on Wednesday?
- How 'bout you send a taxi to get him?
- God. no.
If you don't want to pick him up.
then I will figure out a way.
- No. Mom. it's fine.
I'll pick him up.
It's fine.
I just want you to answer
something for me first.
- What's that?
- Would you visit me twice a
month if I went to prison. too?
- Of course not.
No matter what you did.
they'd never catch you.
- That's not a valid answer.
- It's not the answer that you
wanted. but it is an answer.
Wednesday at 10.
Please don't be late.
- It's not what I asked.
- And please do not get in his case.
Okay. it's the last thing that he needs.
- Sure. promise.
(hand knocking)
- Hey you.
Hey. are you back with us this term?
Wait. did you register with me?
How was vacation?
Did we talk about that already?
- Yes. this is my final term.
Yes. I chose you as my
advisor for my senior project
so I'm already registered.
No. it wasn't a vacation.
It was a leave of absence to
come back with a vengeance.
And no we haven't talked about it already.
Am I interrupting?
- Absolutely.
Everybody waited last minute to register.
- Guilty as charged.
Sorry.
Didn't know if I was gonna
be able to afford the time.
- Well. at least you're
one of the good ones.
so I can let it slide.
Anyway. if this is a social visit.
can we reschedule to next week?
'Cause I am really busy.
- Yeah. I actually wanted to talk
to you about my senior project.
- You are making it about
your brother's case. right?
- But Nick is actually getting out soon.
- [Rossi] Already?
- [Rianne] Time flies.
I'm thinking I should just move on
and work on something else.
- Cool your jets. space girl.
How close are you to him?
Because you've been working
on his case for years.
If you push through. you could even write
that book you always talk about.
- It would be too personal.
- Let me be blunt here.
You have never been a normal
person and you never will be.
And yes. I know when I'm
talking about weirdos.
I'm the worst one out there.
but you have to embrace what you're about
and push beyond that.
You know this already.
You have a beautiful mind.
Use it.
Just be the hunter you are meant to be.
- I was talking more about his feelings.
but I guess you kind of have a point.
- Kind of?
You just came here for
the pep talk. didn't you?
Come on. pitch it to me.
Rough is fine.
Just shoot.
- Passion crimes is a
gateway to serial killing.
- Wow. I love it.
Wait. are you saying you think
your brother's gonna kill more people?
- I was thinking of using him
as the passion crimes part.
- I'm sold.
Just iron it up and send me the layout.
- Oh. well now. hold on.
I didn't say I was gonna do it.
I wanna see how things are
with Nick at home first.
- Well. come back when you've
made up your mind. okay.
Bye now.
- Will due.
Thanks.
- A pleasure as always.
- [Rianne] Bye now.
- I guess this is as good a spot as any.
So the big question is-
- Whoa. are you proposing?
No. no. no. no. no.
Don't. don't. don't.
I don't want you to propose.
No.
- I'm just asking you want to eat here.
- Oh. you made it sound like a big moment.
Yes. I am starving.
I don't wanna pick him up.
- Is he really dangerous?
- No. he's just an asshole.
Professor Rossi is right.
This could be my book.
- Boo. you don't even like your brother.
You probably won't see him
again after you graduate.
Do what's best for you.
Nobody cares about your
future as much as you do.
Except me of course.
I just wanna know about your future.
so I can plan around your crazy fantasies.
- Can you imagine how boring
your life would be without me?
You're always so predictable and stable.
- Oh yeah.
I fantasize about it all the time.
- Babe.
- But I wouldn't trade
my boo for anything ever.
- What would I do without you?
- You'd probably just slowly drift away.
- Mm hm.
(soft dramatic music)
Sorry. I'm late.
- What's up with the costume?
- It's not a costume.
- Whatever you say. Marilyn Manson.
- Look. I wanna be left alone.
You wanna be left alone.
Let's just stay out of
each other's way. okay.
- Or else?
- What do you want from me. Nick?
(soft dramatic music)
- I want you help me find Gwen's killer.
- Seriously?
You haven't even been out a day
and that's what's on your mind?
- What else you want me to think about?
Going to a costume party with you?
- Can't you just move on?
- No. I can't just move on.
If you've ever been in
love. then you'd know that.
- Oh. you think you're the first person
to fall in love like ever?
- No. but compared to
you I'm a fucking expert.
- Oh yeah. you were in one
relationship in you're an expert.
- It wasn't one relationship.
It was the relationship.
- [Rianne] Okay. Nick.
- [Nick] So you're gonna help me or not?
- No.
Of course not.
Okay. can't you tell that the entire rest
of the world has moved on?
- You know. Gwen always
tried to include you in it.
- Are you guilt tripping me?
- How can I?
You don't care about anybody.
- Please.
- All right.
Guess just have to do it myself.
- Oh yeah.
And what are you gonna do
when you find him. kill him?
You know. you can't go around
saying things like that.
At least not in front of mom.
- You could pretend to
tolerate me. Rianne.
at least in front of mom.
- I told you.
You leave me alone. I'll leave you alone.
- Fine. let's do that.
- Okay. let's do that.
- He really thought you
weren't gonna leave him a tip.
- I thought about it.
You expect me to behave
like a lady when I'm hungry.
- His face was priceless.
I don't think I can let you do that.
- Maybe he's just from France. babe.
- No way in hell he's French. boo.
His accent changed like
15 times during the meal.
- What is it?
- My mom.
She just drained all the
money from my account.
- I'm sorry. babe.
- It was a matter of time.
She can't say no to him.
- Yeah. but it didn't even take a day.
We're not gonna let this
bring us down. all right?
We'll get through this
just like we always do.
Plus you have me. the hottest. smartest.
bestest girlfriend ever.
- Bestest?
Really. babe?
- You're such a grammar Nazi.
- I'm just saying bestest is not a word.
- Stop. stop.
This is about me supporting you.
Don't you try to change the subject.
Just remember I love you tons.
- [Rianne] Okay.
- Anyway. this cute brain of yours
probably came up with a
plan for this months ago.
(soft dramatic music)
- I understand how you feel.
bro. but what are you gonna do?
Go around and ask if they
killed your girlfriend?
- No.
I'm gonna ask if they know who killed her.
Pay good money for it. too.
- It's only gonna mess with
your head trying to figure out
if the leads they give you are true.
- Well if you have a better idea-
- I do.
Get a job. move on. try to
catch up with your life.
- You know I can't do that. man.
- Well. if you change your mind.
my boss agreed to meet with you.
It's not an interview though.
It's more of a meet and
greet type of thing.
- Thanks. man.
That's cool.
Thanks. man.
Is this the company?
- No. that's a taxi service
I do through the phone.
- Sounds legit.
Does it pay well?
Maybe I can do that.
- Pays all right.
You just wouldn't qualify.
Sorry.
- True.
- [Julian] You wanna see something cool?
- [Nick] Sure.
- [Julian] Check this out.
- [Nick] What's that?
- A camera.
- What do you mean a camera?
No. it's not.
- It's HD. bro.
Sometimes people get rowdy.
- [Nick] What the fuck?
This thing is puny.
- And it's motion activated. right.
Cool or not cool?
- Really fucking cool.
Holy.
Man.
Things change.
- Listen. I know Gwen
was something else but-
- Stop.
- [Julian] You should be open to the idea.
- [Julian] I'm seeing a
super cute girl right now.
- Quit it.
- [Julian] It's not too
serious. but it's really nice
to have someone else around.
- It's gonna take me a second
to start thinking about girls again. man.
- Anyway. I gotta get back to work. man.
- Yeah.
- Just one more thing though.
- What?
- I didn't tell my boss
why you went to prison.
so when you meet with her
just don't go into details.
You know what I mean?
- Yeah. I wasn't planning to but.
Thanks a lot for the hookup. man.
- Yeah. yeah. got you.
You might wanna take care of this.
- Care of what?
- All that.
- Shit. I didn't even think about it.
- Yeah bro. you gotta
look good to feel good.
Right now you don't look good at all so.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Well thanks. man.
- [Julian] Yeah.
- I like this new look. hon.
It suits you.
- It's not like I wasn't gonna clean up
before going to my interviews.
- Wait.
You got an interview already?
- It's like those manifestation books
you gave me always say. right.
- Everything finds its place.
- [Nick] It's finally happening. Mom.
Yeah. yeah.
Better enjoy me while I
still got free time. kid.
- What do you mean?
- Well. I told you that your
brother is staying with us.
- Permanently?
- Why are you defensive?
Didn't I drive you to your
piano lessons every week
when you had to become a virtuoso.
- Yeah. so you could take
the car and screw Gwen.
- Yeah well. what about when I bought
your classmates lunch every Saturday
because you were too much of a nerd
to make your own friends?
- Yeah. every penny Mom gave you.
then you would use it to impress Gwen.
- Well. it worked out. didn't it?
Because she was crazy about me.
- Mm hm. how'd it work out for her?
- Stop it. Rianne.
Anyway. I am very happy
that you're starting
to think about your future already.
- Yeah.
Talking about the future.
I was.
- What is going on?
- I was talking to your
brother about the fact
that you and Mariah spend
so much time together
and you might be moving in with her soon.
- Are you kicking me out?
- No.
We're just planning ahead. that's all.
- What's next?
Selling my organs to pay for his new suit?
- Well Mom did always say that
you eat really healthy so.
(soft dramatic music)
It's okay. kid.
Thought I'd apologize for spazzing out.
- Why are you always such an asshole?
- Oh probably because you're
always such a snowflake.
You moving out?
- Look. I can't help
you with your project.
but this might be a good place to start.
- What's that?
- After the cops left your place.
I took anything that I thought might be
of sentimental value.
- My stuff?
- Mostly Gwen's.
I think.
(soft dramatic music)
- Thanks.
- Bye.
(soft dramatic music)
I'm making my senior project
on Gwen Anderson's case.
I'm gonna try to fill in
all the missing information
and then make a psychological profile
of the killer to wrap it all up.
- And what is this?
- The research I did three years ago.
It has a timeline of the crime
and a list of all the missing information
for your reference.
By Cameron.
- Wait. wait. wait.
- Are you saying you
talked to your brother
and he agreed to help you with this?
- Kinda.
- Sit down.
- I have most of the data
from the research I did three years ago.
My brother can help fill
in some of the blanks.
but other than that-
- Blanks that are crucial.
He may even show you where the knife is.
- Well the way I see it.
I don't wanna be overambitious and fail.
- That's the most not Rianne
thing you have ever said.
- Like you said. I can save
the best part for the book
and go into that with more detail
without the deadline of graduation.
- And I like that.
That sounds more like you.
Well just keep me updated
so I know you're not losing perspective.
- Will do.
Bye. Cameron.
- Bye now.
(soft dramatic music)
(phone beeping)
(phone ringing)
(soft dramatic music)
- Yeah. hi.
Is Katie Morrison there?
Sorry. wrong number.
I'm sorry.
(soft dramatic music)
(keyboard clacking)
(phone ringing)
(soft dramatic music)
Yeah. is Samantha L. there?
Samantha Latt?
- Spit it out. Nick.
- Okay.
I think.
If I just look over her
last few days or weeks.
then I'll probably be
able to find some clue
or some lead or something.
- I told the cops everything.
There's not much left to say.
- I think she was seeing somebody else.
- Well. it's obvious
that whoever killed her
hated her or loved her.
Why else would he have
stabbed her 27 times?
- Well if he knew her.
then he would've come here.
He would've visited
her. checked in on her.
Dropped her off. picked her up.
- I don't know what to tell you.
- Was she acting funny
in the last few days?
Skipping work?
Leaving work early?
You know. Gwen told me a story about you.
Time that you saved that kid
from getting hit at the supermarket.
Then you fractured your
eye socket when he hit you.
And you almost lost that eye.
And I always thought that's somebody
that I want taking care of my kid.
I just always wanted to say that.
Anyways. thanks for seeing me.
- Wait.
Sit down.
I never was comfortable
with their relationship.
However to be fair. they
were very professional
at least until the end.
- What do you mean?
- Well. she had a friend here.
About a month before she was killed.
they had a falling out.
Never thought much about it until now.
- You didn't tell the cops this because?
- The cops talked to him. but
it was different back then.
- And when you said that you didn't
have anything else to tell me?
- I knew it was much more
complicated than it seemed.
I think about it sometimes.
but I just always felt
I shouldn't get involved
without knowing all the facts.
Gwen liked to talk and he liked to listen.
Maybe he remembers if she
was going through something.
- Cameron?
- Yeah. he was devastated
when he found out.
- Cameron who?
What's his last name?
- Porter.
- Samantha.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
(soft dramatic music)
You knew I didn't kill Gwen.
- What?
- And yet you didn't bother to look
at any of the things
that you put in the box.
- Those were personal things.
- You have a beautiful mind.
Use it.
Mr. P.
- Who's Mr. P.?
- Mr. Porter was our math
teacher in middle school.
You know that cool teacher
everybody wanted to be friends with?
- And he gave that book to Gwen?
- In eighth grade just a few years
before they worked
together at the orphanage.
- That's creepy.
If you're going where
I think you're going.
- Yeah. it seems like
they were pretty close.
This card was also in the box.
- Wait a minute.
You think the same guy-
- Honestly. I'm just all over
the fucking place right now.
I could really use a cool
head to help me see straight.
- Okay.
Can you move back?
Look. we need to organize ourselves
before making contact with him.
Make a timeline of where
and how often he was contact with Gwen.
That way we can anticipate
any alibi he might have
and stay ahead of him.
- Okay. why not just confront him?
- No.
If he knows that we're onto him.
he could destroy any
link he has to the case.
I mean. he may have kept
the knife as a trophy.
so we should try and find that first.
Nick.
It's imperative that we
do not reach out to him
until we know as much as we can. okay.
I mean it.
Don't contact him until we're both ready.
- Heard you the first
time. kid. all right.
This is what he looks like. by the way.
He's a real dapper dresser.
What are you thinking?
What?
- We should be very careful.
- Hey.
- What does the P stand for?
- What?
What's your middle name?
- The P stands for Porter
which is my last name
and my middle name is something else.
which I will never tell
you or anyone else.
- I thought your last name was Rossi.
- Well that's my second last name.
I'm Hispanic. remember?
People around here kept using Rossi.
so I stopped trying to explain it to them.
Anyway. what do you need?
(soft dramatic music)
- [Rianne] We found a suspect.
- Wait. what do you mean?
Are you saying Nick didn't do it?
- First of all. all the evidence they had
on Nick was circumstantial.
And second of all. we found out that Gwen
had a falling out with a
coworker that she was close with.
- Go on.
- You know. it actually seems
like they knew each other for years.
And if that's true. imagine this.
Imagine that you are that guy
and you've been seeing Gwen
and you're totally invested in her.
She's the love of your life and then boom.
You find out that she'll
leave you for her boyfriend.
which means you're the disposable one.
That would be the motive.
- But what if?
What if it was the other way around?
What if this guy was Gwen's real partner
and it was Nick the one who
lost it when he found out?
I mean. we know Gwen
was seeing other people.
Why would this one be any different?
- This one loved her.
- And the others didn't?
- The others were too young.
This one was a real
man hopelessly in love.
- How do you know Nick's not using you
to blame someone else?
- Nick. no.
Doesn't have it in him.
- We all think it's not in us.
That's what's so fascinating
about passion crimes.
Everybody is a suspect.
What else?
- That's it for now.
- Well. if Nick didn't do it.
we need to find out who did.
Keep going.
You're onto something.
Wait.
Did you ever find out what
happened to Katie Morrison?
- No.
Why?
- I always thought it was strange
she went missing right after.
I mean. if Nick didn't kill Gwen.
wouldn't Katie be the next suspect?
- I don't have anything on her.
(soft dramatic music)
- Hi. I'm Mariah.
I'm Rianne's friend.
- Nick. but you probably
know about me. right.
- A thing or two.
- Rianne hasn't told me a thing about you.
but we can all clearly see
that you make her very happy.
which is surprising really.
- She likes perfection.
What can I say?
- Yeah. well it's nice to that yeah.
she found some sugar for her coffee.
- Is that an innuendo?
- No. no. no. no.
Like.
You're like the sweet part of her life.
- I'm just messing with you.
I know what you meant.
- Oh.
Sorry.
She can be pretty extreme so.
- Oh. I would know. trust me.
- Yeah?
You think you know her well?
- You think you know her better?
- I mean. well you know about the time
that she sprained her ankle
while playing hooky. right?
Or what about the time
that she went skinny
dipping at public point?
Know about that?
- Skinny dipping?
- This girl runs into the city
pool butt ass fucking naked.
Okay. can you imagine that?
- No freaking way.
She would never do that.
- I couldn't find my swimsuit
because this jerk hid it.
- Oh.
Dude. she didn't care about that. okay.
She runs out.
Just stripped.
She was really skinny back then. too.
so she was running like a
little stick figure. you know.
Like an old cartoon.
Like she runs in.
She couldn't swim either.
She was like kneeing in the noodle.
She was like ah splish splash.
Ah.
- You're full of crap.
- [Nick] I am dead serious.
Ask her.
- I'm ready.
Lets go.
- It was fun meeting you.
- Nice to meet you. too.
See ya.
- [Nick] Bye.
- Want more ice cream. boo?
- No thanks. babe.
- Are you annoyed that I
talked to your brother?
- No. I'm annoyed that
you keep bringing it up.
- Okay. got it.
- Why does he think he's so smart?
- I think he's just trying to compensate.
- Compensate for what?
- I don't know. everything.
- He's smart. funny. handsome.
and even my gay girlfriend
thinks he's a catch.
What more does he want?
- You know that's not how it works.
He's just afraid.
- Afraid of what?
- Of you. boo.
You're like a walking brain
always analyzing everything
and absorbing information and finding out
all the right answers at the same time.
As annoying as it sounds.
I know I can call you up
because you're always right.
- Is that what you think of me?
That I'm a walking computer?
- I'm sorry. boo.
I shouldn't get involved between you two.
- Oh. no.
It's too late to be sorry.
Now you're gonna have to make it up to me.
- You're so manipulative sometimes.
What do I have to do?
- Can you get me some more ice cream?
- You just said you didn't.
What flavor do you want?
(soft dramatic music)
- Looking sharp.
- How long you fucking Gwen?
- What?
- You fuck her the day she died?
- Yo man. you're really freaking me out.
- You fucking piece of shit.
- Hey. man.
Hey. you should've told her.
You should've told her that. man.
You get in my face.
Never forced her to do anything.
She liked being with
dudes since high school.
Everybody knew that.
- She liked attention.
That doesn't mean you get
to take advantage of her like that. man.
- Nobody took advantage of her.
She's a grown ass woman.
- She was a fucking kid.
All right. she couldn't say no. you idiot.
- Nick. that's who she was.
She liked getting it on.
She liked the attention.
There's nothing wrong with that.
- Who else?
- Everybody.
She was hot.
Who would say no to her?
Look. I know deep down inside.
you're not surprised at all.
You have to understand it
had nothing to do with you.
Look. for what it's worth.
I still hear her laughter all the time.
I loved her. too. man.
I just wasn't fool enough to
think that I could own her.
- Go fuck yourself.
- Go cool off.
(soft dramatic music)
When you say everybody.
- Everybody.
Nobody talked about it
but it wasn't a secret.
Sorry man.
(soft dramatic music)
(dramatic music continues)
(phone ringing)
(soft dramatic music)
- Mr. Porter.
Mr. Porter. I don't
know if you remember me.
My name is Nick Angers.
We have to talk.
- Would you like to sit down
or would you rather walk?
I prefer if we sit here
if I can be honest.
- Did you kill her
because she preferred me?
- Funny.
That was gonna be my line.
But it turns out. you didn't do it.
Do you have any leads?
- What bothers me the most
is that you don't even try
to deny that you groomed
her since like that what?
Middle school?
- The cats out of the bag already.
I mean. are you really gonna judge me
for liking the same girl you
and the whole damn school had a crush on?
- She could've been your daughter.
- But she wasn't.
And I loved her in ways
you can't even imagine yet
because you're young and stupid.
She enjoyed my company.
Can you say the same?
- Apparently a lot of people can.
- Not really.
- I think she dumped you
and you fucking lost it.
- I hated you so much back then.
But now. I just feel bad for you.
You lost everything.
Gwen. your freedom. your future.
- Gotta roll with the punches. man.
- We want the same thing. Nick.
We need to work together if
we're gonna find our killer.
- All right.
What do you know?
- Well that last year. she
was experimenting a lot.
Started liking girls.
but it wasn't enough.
- Yeah. she wanted kids.
- I thought she was too young.
- I told her I was too young.
- That's why I think
the killer was a girl.
Gwen was probably actively
trying to get pregnant
and when the girl found out. she lost it.
- Okay. what makes you say that?
- The guys Gwen got with were trash.
Her girl must've been offended.
When she found out Gwen wanted one
of these guys to knock
her up. that was it.
- You know. Gwen was with a lot of people.
I think anybody could've done it.
- Not anybody.
Only one who really loved her.
- Well that brings it
back to you. doesn't it?
Apparently.
- What about Katie Morrison?
They were an item.
- I could see that. but
Katie's not the violent type.
- Anybody can be the violent type.
But what do we have to lose?
Let's find her and ask her.
- I never said I trusted you. man.
- You know. the way I look at it is this.
You haven't killed me because either A.
you don't have it in you. or
B. you think I didn't do it.
- The answer's B for now.
- I'm gonna go with C.
All of the above.
(soft dramatic music)
- What?
You waiting for me to apologize
for calling you out on something you did?
- You could've texted me
saying that you were coming.
My girl's sleeping.
Did I tell you I managed to
set up your meeting for Monday?
- The job interview?
Wait. dude.
It is Saturday.
When the fuck were you gonna tell me?
- I just did.
- Gee. thanks.
You busy?
Need your help with something.
- With what?
- I gotta go talk to somebody.
I don't wanna do it alone.
- Are you for real?
Are we in some kind of trouble?
- Probably.
- Dammit. Nick.
Why you always try to get me involved?
- You're the only friend I have. man.
It's not like you have any
special skills or anything so.
- Fuck you.
Where we going?
(ominous music)
Do I need to look tough like
I'm about to beat him up?
- Man. just you know. watch my back.
- I don't think he can hear that.
- He's out.
I'm just checking.
For hair.
- Gotta be kidding me.
(ominous music)
- I just wanna talk to him.
I don't wanna go alone.
- Man. help me look so we
can get out of here faster.
- What are we looking for?
- A knife or anything related to Gwen.
(suspenseful music)
- Do you remember Ryan Root?
Lanky guy from high school?
- Rings a bell.
- Quite bit of a jerk.
He got better and kept in touch.
- Julian. what does this
have to do with anything?
- He went missing.
(suspenseful music)
We should read that somewhere else.
- Hey. I looked at the list
of names you told me and they say-
- Missing.
- Why'd you make me look
it up if you already knew?
- Just found out.
- Where did you find this?
- Mr. Porter's trash.
What?
His door was open.
(suspenseful music)
- These files are very detailed.
- Yeah. he likes doing his homework.
- Nick.
Nick. these are his trophies.
He's gonna notice that somebody took them.
- Done.
Let's just see what we can find.
(suspenseful music)
- Everyone that loved her died.
- Just to cover all the bases.
- What?
- Julian was fucking Gwen.
Julian was fucking Gwen.
- Your friend Julian?
- Yeah.
Julian Hansen.
(suspenseful music)
His name's not in any
of Mr. Porter's files
and he wasn't in any of the
police reports either so.
- How did you find this out?
I mean. did he tell you?
- Don't worry about it. kid.
I got my ways.
- Okay well.
Let's not jump to any conclusions.
So far Mr. Porter is
still our main suspect.
Don't tell anything else to Julian.
- Hey. you know Katie Morrison?
- What about her?
- I mean. she was Gwen's best friend.
You know-
- She's missing. too.
(suspenseful music)
- She disappeared two months
after Gwen got killed.
- Yeah.
And everybody else went missing
within a six month period three years ago.
- So Porter killed them.
- Yeah. there are two types of killers
that leave a body behind.
The ones that wanna make a
statement and the stupid ones.
This one didn't wanna leave a trace.
- Yeah. Porter disappeared-
- He kept the flyers as trophies
because they're not real evidence.
- That still leaves Julian and Katie.
- Then Katie is in hiding?
- I think Katie could be Gwen's killer.
- Okay. stop it.
You're starting to lose perspective here.
Yeah. Katie is a loose end. true.
but everything else points to Mr. Porter.
I mean. look.
He probably tracked down all the people.
all the guys that were close to Gwen
and well. now they're missing.
- Look man. I don't know.
Anyway you slice it. I just
don't see Porter killing Gwen.
(suspenseful music)
- You talked to him. didn't you?
- It was the only lead that we had.
- Dammit. Nick. and
now he got in your head
and you're sympathizing with him
and you can't see things objectively.
- Porter may have killed these guys.
Yeah okay. sure.
Fuck it. fine.
I just do not think that he killed Gwen.
I think somebody else did it.
- Don't think so.
- Well then. see what else
you can find about Katie.
- I'll do it tomorrow.
I'm on my way out.
- I'm not sure why we go
out when you're in a mood.
- Please don't start. babe.
With work and school and
Nick. I have a lot on my plate
and it's giving me a lot of anxiety.
- Tell you what.
I'm gonna give you a nice. little massage.
help you relax. and then we're gonna see
if you're feeling a little sexy later.
- And you say I'm the manipulative one.
- Nick is not like how
I imagined him at all.
He seems pretty down to earth.
- Babe.
- When you think about
it. he could be the hero
that comes back from prison
and avenges his girlfriend.
Like the movie "The Crow". remember?
- First of all. the guy from "The Crow"
comes back from the dead.
And second of all. Nick does not qualify
as any kind of hero.
He's never had any long term goals.
- He seems pretty determined to find out
what happened to his girl.
- Oh yeah?
Did you guys talk about that?
- No.
He said that apparently
it'll make you happy.
- How would he know?
- Really. babe?
- I'm just saying.
It's not like I tell him things like that.
It's personal.
- Are you upset?
- No.
Maybe.
You like him too much.
- I'm not Gwen. okay.
I won't betray you like she did.
- How do you know?
- Has anyone ever told you
that you might be psychotic?
- Is that your professional
opinion. Dr. Lee?
- Well. that's just a theory.
So far you haven't shown disregard
for morality so that's a plus.
but you also don't seem to be
very empathetic towards anyone
so that makes me wonder sometimes.
- You know what I'm thinking?
- Is that when you decide work means
more fun than hanging with me?
- Not all psychopaths are serial killers.
They might just need one less
justification to become one.
Imagine this.
Imagine you have functional
psychopath. a high achiever.
and for some reason they kill somebody.
- A passion crime?
- I was thinking more
self defense but yeah.
A passion crime works. too.
And there are no consequences.
They kill someone and
nothing happens to them.
- That would confirm the idea
that they're involved in society.
- Right and justify their behavior.
- Nick is very charming.
so I wouldn't be surprised.
- No. I was actually talking
about Professor Rossi.
Can we leave Nick out of this?
Honestly. can we just leave
him out of everything?
- Or we can just stop talking at all?
- Stop.
Okay. I should be focusing
on Professor Rossi instead of Nick.
- And we lost her.
- This is the premise
I needed for my book.
Passion crimes is the
ongoing obsession of love.
- Night. boo.
Don't forget to tuck me
in when you go to sleep.
Before I pass out.
I love you tons.
- Okay.
(soft dramatic music)
(dramatic music continues)
(phone beeping)
(soft dramatic music)
Thank you for this
opportunity. Miss Perkins.
Thank you for the
(soft dramatic music)
opportunity. Miss Perkins.
Thank you for the
Oh no.
opportunity. Miss Perkins.
(soft dramatic music)
- Giancarlo Camporrosso.
- You better not use any of
my articles in your project.
(soft dramatic music)
- Why the pseudo name?
- Those are just ideas
I don't wanna explain.
Helps me articulate my thoughts
regardless of the readers.
- You're writing a book
about my brother's case.
- No. I'm writing a book
and your brother's case
just happens to be a part of it.
Did you just figure that out?
- Yeah. I thought you were helping me
out of academic interest.
- That is why I'm helping you.
Your brother's case
just happens to be part
of a much. much bigger subject matter.
- Which is?
- You write your book.
I'll write mine.
- I love the one where you talk
about love being like a prison.
It was so spot on.
- In order for it to be love.
there has to be obsession so.
- Few people get to experience real love.
I did once.
I loved this girl so much
that I completely forgot about myself.
It was beautiful.
And terrible.
- What did you do?
- I had to let her go.
- It truly is beautiful and terrible.
It only gets worse when she's not around.
It's like having your
chest ripped open forever.
- Time heals everything.
- The stump may heal but
the arm doesn't grow back.
How can you replace the irreplaceable?
- Why would you?
- To stop the pain.
- How far would you go to stop the pain?
- Is this for your project?
What is it you really want from me?
(ominous music)
- Nick isn't much of
an interesting subject
if I'm being honest.
- And you think I am?
- You are the most interesting
person I have ever met.
Everything clicked once
I read your articles.
Okay. I've been writing nonstop.
- I should warn you not to mention me
in your project or your book.
As your advisor. it's my obligation.
- Understood.
I just thought I could help you move on.
- At my age. there is no moving on.
Only cleaning up.
- That explains a lot.
I almost forgot.
Julian Hansen.
Apparently he was one of Gwen's lovers.
I missed him the first time around.
Didn't get to talk to him.
- How did you miss him?
- He's Nick's best friend.
He was right in front of me so.
But hopefully I'll talk to him soon.
Maybe this week.
- Another suspect.
- Just another one of her men.
- Well.
Go get him.
(suspenseful music)
- Hey. honey.
Are you okay?
- When did I fuck it all up?
I had it all. right?
And then poof. I'm in prison.
Nobody comes to visit me.
- It was a complicated case.
- Complicated how?
- Well.
For instance. it came up during the trial
that Gwen was how should I say?
Crazy about boys.
And some of them were
your so called friends.
- You never thought to tell me.
- Why?
She wasn't serious about any of them
and it certainly wouldn't
have helped your case.
It only would've made you feel
worse than you already were.
- You could've saved me so much time. Mom.
Now I'm trying to pick
up the pieces of my life
and the only person I have left is you.
- You were very checked
out during the trial.
I did my best.
Anyway.
Julian got you that job interview today.
- Wasn't an interview.
Lady just wanted to see the
ex-con fresh out of jail.
Made me so fucking angry.
- Did Julian know?
- I don't know.
He wasn't there.
He's not answering his phone either.
- Maybe you could just
get away for a little bit.
Take a vacation.
I have some money saved up for
Rianne's graduation present.
I could easily just-
- All the money in the world
couldn't help me now. Mom.
Thanks though.
(soft dramatic music)
- Long time no see. stranger.
- Thanks for buying groceries yesterday.
- Yeah. no problem.
I figured you were back to double shifting
trying to make up for your big withdrawal.
- Please don't.
Have you spoke to Mariah
about moving in together yet?
- Mom. I told you we'd talk
about when I finish school.
Nick can wait that much longer.
- But you have to remember
that he needs more help than other people.
He always has.
He used to have this gate
that all the other kids laughed at.
- And he laughed along with them
because he was too little to understand
that they were laughing at him.
I know.
You told me many times.
- And then you started growing up
and doing everything on your own.
- Yup. so you had to bring me down
to make him feel less inadequate.
- He is your brother and he needs us.
Is that too much to ask?
- Mom. Mariah's waiting for me.
- Goddammit. Rianne.
What is it gonna take for
you to care for your brother?
- Why?
He's just gonna throw
everything away anyway.
- We'll help him.
- People like him can't be helped. Mom.
(soft dramatic music)
I'm sorry.
Babe. today's one of those days
where I need our safe space.
- Who's Katie Morrison?
- What?
- You left your email
account open in my computer.
but it wasn't even your account.
It was Katie Morrison's
or whoever that is.
- But you respected the
fact that it wasn't yours
and you didn't touch anything. right babe?
- Can you tell me what's going on?
- Did you touch anything?
- You don't trust me?
(suspenseful music)
- That's just research. Mariah.
You'd die of boredom.
- Why don't you let me decide for myself?
- What are you talking about?
- Nothing about you is simple. boo.
but I'm really happy with us right now.
If this is something that's
gonna change us. please stop.
- Not everything is about us.
- Anything that happens
to you happens to us.
Whatever you do. we do.
- We don't become one
person because we're dating.
What I do is what I do.
(soft dramatic music)
- Love is not just about
what one person feels.
It's about two people
sharing everything together.
(soft dramatic music)
Love is about trust and commitment.
- I know.
You taught me that.
(soft dramatic music)
I won't let anything change us.
- Hi.
I don't know if you remember my name.
- I know who you are.
I'm trying to understand
why you didn't text
before showing up like normal people.
but you probably got
institutionalized already. right?
Nevermind.
What do you want. Nick?
- May I come in?
- No.
Just say what you need.
- I'm looking for Katie.
- She's dead.
- Excuse me.
She went missing in
October eight years ago
a bit after Gwen was killed.
You should really do your homework
before going to people's homes.
It's kind of wrong to just show up.
- If she's missing. then
maybe she's still in hiding.
- Hiding?
From whom?
Nobody could've kept her
in a basement too long.
Katie was like a feral cat.
She would've dug through
anything and anyone to break free
and then come home to tell me about it.
- Wouldn't you have heard her come back?
- The only reason I'm talking to you
is because I know you didn't kill Gwen.
Whoever killed Gwen is out and about
and it's the same bastard
that killed my daughter.
- Got any theories?
- The killer was in love with Gwen
and killed her when he found
out she was with Katie.
Then killed Katie out of jealously.
Honestly. I think you were
probably more of a cover for Gwen
to look respectable. you know.
- You know. everybody keeps telling me
the killer was involved with Gwen. too.
- Of course.
Wasn't she stabbed 27 times?
That's someone that was
hurting very. very badly.
If you hadn't been in prison
when Katie went missing.
I would've thought of you first.
- Got anybody else in mind?
- I wasn't that involved in their lives.
All this thinking happened later.
- You keep saying he.
What if it's a she?
- He. she. it.
It doesn't matter.
Someone with two hands and a broken heart.
Anyway. I have things to do.
Sorry.
- Go 'head.
- I meant I'm sorry you went to prison.
I always thought you were a good guy.
A bit dim but good.
(soft dramatic music)
- Katie's dead.
- I thought you said she was in hiding.
- I emailed her and someone replied.
but I don't think it was her actually.
I actually think it's Julian.
- Wait. what?
- Here's my theory.
So.
Porter. he kills all the other ones
out of jealously or spite.
We know that.
- Can't prove it but agreed.
- Okay.
So what if Julian killed
Gwen and then he kills Katie?
- Why would he do that?
Okay. he knew all along that Gwen
was getting with other people.
I mean. you were her boyfriend
and he didn't try and kill you.
- I thought about it a lot
and I think it was
because Katie is a girl.
- He felt threatened by one
girl than a bunch of guys?
- It's just one girl. right?
I mean. she's like thee girl.
Like the only girl that
Gwen was ever with.
That's gotta make her special.
- I don't think it makes her
special. but I see your point.
So. Julian hacked Katie's
email to get you offtrack?
- To push me towards Porter.
- What are you gonna do?
- I don't know.
You know. Julian hasn't
responded to me in like two days.
I actually think that he's
onto us being onto him.
- Maybe we should leave it here.
I mean. I have school picking up
and you gotta get a job so.
- Detective quitter.
Throwing in the towel already. huh?
- Take a step back. Nick.
You're twisting your logic
to see anything as evidence.
Why do you wanna stay trapped in the past?
- It's not about me. kid.
- Maybe it should be.
You already gave up
nine years of your life.
How many more are you willing to put in?
- You don't have to help
me if you don't want to.
- Thank you for mansplaining the obvious.
(soft dramatic music)
- Rianne.
I was in prison for nine years.
I only got three small scars though.
Do you know how crazy that is?
Do you have any idea how rare?
I was on like all the fucking time.
I wanted to die a lot like everyday.
Think about this.
Thinking about this is what kept me going.
This is the biggest part of a new me. man.
You gotta take it or leave it.
You know. it's not that
I don't wanna stop. man.
It's not that I don't wanna stop.
I would love to stop.
I can't.
- What if it is true?
What are you gonna do to Julian?
Don't answer that.
- I gotta find him.
- I can't help you be this new person.
It's not good for you.
- That's fine.
That's fine then.
You can go back to playing
with your fucking dolls.
I don't give a shit. man.
- Fine. I'll do that.
- You do that then.
(suspenseful music)
- Wakey. wakey.
- Five more minutes.
- You can spend all day
here for all I care.
but don't be late for class.
- I don't care if I'm late for class.
- Okay.
Gotta go.
Have a good one.
- All right. babe.
See you tonight.
- Boo. if you're spending
all your time here.
why don't we make it official?
I'm not talking about the proposal.
Just move in officially.
That way you'll be closer to school.
we get to spend all day together.
and you won't see your brother anymore.
- If I move out. there's no going back.
- So you don't think it'll work out?
- That's not what I said.
- I know.
Just think about it.
Gotta go.
I love you tons.
- Okay.
(soft dramatic music)
A love obsession surviving
the object of affection.
- I got your email.
Sit down.
Was it something I said
the last time we spoke?
- Yes.
Everything clicked the
last time we talked.
Okay. I thought that a passion crime
could reveal a part of a
person that was unknown to them
and once that potential was unlocked.
it could not be put away.
- But now you think that obsession
is helping to keep the door open.
- Right.
And when the obsession is
gone. the door can be closed.
- But now the person
is aware of that power.
The power that allowed them to correct
all the wrongs done to them.
Why would they give it up?
- To not hurt the people around them.
The other people they love.
- Yet a crime has been committed.
Gears have been put in motion.
And consequences will come.
- Okay. a passion crime is just that.
A blinding moment of pain and anger.
but after that the obsession
just feeds itself with more vengeance.
- What if the obsession is
helping to restore balance?
- To the same things that twist it
and corrupt it originally?
- Love is the obsession.
Otherwise it's just friendship.
Fraternal connection.
- Love is trust and commitment.
- Let's say you're correct.
What are you suggesting?
How can you prevent the consequences?
- Maybe it's not about
preventing the consequences.
but surviving them.
- And you think you can?
(soft dramatic music)
- Yes?
- Is Julian home?
- No.
- Hey. I'm Nick.
I've been trying to reach
him for like a week.
I haven't heard back from him.
- Well. he's going through
something right now.
so just give him some time.
- I mean. is this normal?
Does he just take off for days
at a time without telling anybody?
- Yeah. sometimes.
And he always comes back
feeling a lot better.
so just give him some space.
- What's he upset about?
- That's none of your business.
- Hey.
Sorry.
I'm just really fucking worried about him.
- He should be coming home soon.
- How do you know?
What makes you so sure?
- Well. he wasn't planning
on leaving for long.
His car's right outside.
- Do you have a key?
(soft dramatic music)
Hey. man.
Do you mind taking a look at this. please?
(soft dramatic music)
Dude. please look at this.
- What is this?
- I found it in Julian's car.
- Is this a camera?
- Yeah. he uses it when
he's like driving people.
- Ew. a creepy recording.
- Can you just play it?
- Yeah okay. I'm trying.
- What's taking so long?
- It's loading. Nick.
- Okay. that one.
That one right there.
(suspenseful music)
- [Rianne] Holy shit.
This could be enough to send him to jail.
(suspenseful music)
- [Nick] Why'd he wait until right now?
- This is exactly what you needed.
Okay. maybe he's gonna
confess to killing the others.
- Why'd he wait until I got
out of prison to kill Julian?
Why'd he wait so many years?
I don't.
- Hey. Nick. look.
Listen to me.
You have to go to the police.
- Porter has to die.
(soft dramatic music)
- Nick.
You can do this.
(soft dramatic music)
Hey. hey. can you help me?
I got a flat tire and nobody came
and I don't know how to take the tire off.
- Well. if it's just a flat.
it shouldn't be a problem.
I can change it for you.
- Thank you.
Thank you so much.
- No problem.
- [Rianne] I'm just getting nervous
because there's nobody around.
- Totally.
I saw some homeless people
camping in the area.
I mean. that doesn't mean anything but-
- Yeah. that's what I was talking about.
- You have a spare?
- In the trunk.
- [Katie] Do you live around here?
- Not really.
- We met before?
You look so familiar.
- I would remember.
- Well. you are kind of
cute. so maybe that's why.
(suspenseful music)
(gun firing)
(soft dramatic music)
- Hey boo.
If this is about you moving in-
- Sh.
(soft dramatic music)
- Is everything okay?
- Yeah.
I just need a minute.
(soft dramatic music)
- You sure everything's okay?
(alarm beeping)
(soft dramatic music)
- Excuse me.
- Ah. Rianne.
Good morning.
If you're looking for Professor
Rossi. he's not in today.
- How come?
- I don't know.
He's always been here earlier than normal
and today he just wasn't.
- Did you try calling him?
- Well. it's more complicated than that.
- Look. I'm not gonna leave
until you tell me what's going on.
Sorry. I'm just being honest.
- A couple of police
detectives were here earlier.
Professor Rossi's neighbors
heard gunshots yesterday
and they called the police.
When the officers arrived.
they walked in and found basically-
- They broken in probably.
- They walked in and they
found nothing strange
other than a strong smell of bleach.
- Like somebody had cleaned up the place.
- Yes. Rianne. like a crime scene.
but don't jump to conclusions.
The officers. they arrived
there fairly quickly.
so it's hard to imagine
that someone did something
and then they had time to clean up.
- What else did the detectives say?
Any homicide detectives?
- They were just asking routine questions.
It's not a missing person case yet.
- So we're just hoping
that Professor Rossi
will show up at a later
day. today or tomorrow.
and just tell us what happened.
- Pretty much.
Is there something I could help you with?
- No. I just I had some questions
about my senior project. but I can wait.
I'll check back in tomorrow.
Thanks.
- Mm hm.
- Mom. what are you doing here?
- I told them I'd work from home today.
Do you know where your brother is?
- No.
I was at Mariah's all day yesterday
and then I went straight to school.
- He didn't come home last night.
- Maybe he's with Julian.
- No. I don't think so.
He sent me this text last night.
I need some time away.
Don't worry about me.
Love you.
Weird. right?
- No.
I mean. he has the money you gave him.
He probably just needs some time off.
- Yeah. but it just doesn't seem like him.
- Mom. you just gotta give him some time.
- I just thought that he
would stay a little longer.
(soft dramatic music)
- I'll be at Mariah's if you need me.
- Are you coming back tonight?
- I'll see you at dinner.
- Let's get going.
- Holy fuck.
The cops are looking for you.
- They probably don't even
know where to start yet.
(soft dramatic music)
- You set Nick up.
- You're welcome.
You wanted to get rid of him.
I just played along.
- Where is he?
- Might wanna get rid of that video.
It could link you to some bad mojo.
- You were waiting for him.
That's why the place was
clean when the cops arrived.
- Glad to see your
education wasn't wasted.
- What happens next?
- We draw Katie out.
- We?
- Just a figure of speech.
- How are you gonna draw Katie out?
- Her mom lives in the same place.
- What if Katie doesn't show?
- Why wouldn't she?
- There's plenty options.
- You think Gwen loved
Katie more than anyone else?
- I don't think it matters anymore.
- Pull over.
(soft dramatic music)
- Wait.
What are you really asking me?
- Do you really think love
survives the object of affection?
- It depends.
Are you talking obsession
based love or deep caring love?
- Is the answer different for each?
- Yes.
Obsession based love
may become more intense.
Like any obsession intensifies
by the absence of the object
because it'll be fueled
by fantasies and what ifs.
On the other hand. deep caring
love may become more subdued
because of the acceptance
of loss as facts.
- You have a beautiful mind. Rianne.
(soft dramatic music)
- What just happened?
(phone ringing)
Hey. babe.
- I love you tons. boo.
- Babe. where are you?
- Did you really think I
didn't know it was you?
(ominous music)
- What are you talking about?
- You knew Katie wasn't coming
back because you killed her.
That's all I wasn't sure about.
- If this is your idea of a joke.
- [Cameron] I'm a hopeless
romantic actually.
Look on the table.
(ominous music)
- What do you want?
- I want to know why you killed Gwen.
(ominous music)
Did you really love her?
- I thought I was special to her.
- Yet you replaced her so easily.
- She has nothing to do with this.
- [Cameron] Of course she does.
I'm gonna show you what
love is really about.
- I don't love that bitch.
Let her go.
- [Cameron] You know the thing about love
is once it's in your
bones. it never goes away.
- No. that's just a fixation.
Love nurtures. heals. protects.
- I did all that.
I healed her wounds.
Nurtured her passions.
I protected her from her own insecurities.
- That was a long time ago.
- [Cameron] Maybe you can
follow your own advice
and just move on. but if not.
how can you escape the
prison of her absence?
- Just let her go please.
- [Cameron] How long do you
think you can go without her?
- Look. I'll do anything you want.
- Anything.
- Just let her go.
- I always liked you. Rianne.
but not even you can imagine the pain
of going on without her.
- What do you want?
Would you just say it?
- [Cameron] I want you to be free.
- Don't do this.
- Go to the balcony and climb out.
(ominous music)
- Just put her on the phone please.
- I'm sorry. boo.
I don't know what happened.
- It's okay.
It's okay. babe.
(ominous music)
I love you tons.
- [Cameron] I'm waiting.
Now fly.
(dramatic music)